Add some missing sections in the parameter file (#332)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/timer.rst

Timer
~~~~~~~~

The timer section controls the frequency at which the timing of the simulation is output. Setting ``type=iteration`` outputs the timing of all elements of the simulation at the end of each iteration. Setting its value to ``end`` outputs the timing all elements only at the end of the simulation. The timing can be disabled completely, which is necessary for the unit and functional tests.

.. code-block:: text

   subsection timer
   # Clock monitoring methods Choices are none, iteration or end
      set type = none
   end

> The timer output in Lethe is an important mechanism to monitor the relatively cost of the different functions. At every time step, the timing functions will report the time spent in each functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timer output in Lethe is an important mechanism to monitor the relatively cost of the different functions. At every time step, the timing functions will report the time spent in each function.
```

   | assemble_rhs                    |         4 |      2.28s |        20% |
   | assemble_system                 |         4 |      7.78s |        68% |
   | output                          |         2 |      1.21s |        11% |
   | setup_ILU                       |         4 |     0.164s |       1.4% |
   | solve_linear_system             |         4 |    0.0812s |      0.71% |
   +---------------------------------+-----------+------------+------------+

For every block of functions, Lethe reports the number of calls, the wall time spent and the percentage of time spent in the function. It is important to monitor this when running a simulation.

* ``assemble_rhs`` refers to the assembly of the right-hand side of the equation, that is the residual of the equation.

* ``assemble_system`` refers to the time spent assembling the matrix associated with the equation.

* ``output`` refers to the output of the ``vtu``, ``pvtu`` and ``pvd`` files.

* ``setup_ILU```or ``setup_AMG`` describe the time spent to set-up the preconditioner.

* ``solve_linear_system`` refers to the time spent solving the linear system of equations, without the time required to assemble the preconditioner.

> Depending on the type of simulation, there may be other category that appear in the timer. This is useful to monitor what is actually making up most of your simulation cost in your simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the type of simulation, there may be other category that appear in the timer. This is useful to monitor 
the functions responsible for taking up most of the simulation const. 
```

Timer
~~~~~~~~

> The timer section controls the frequency at which the timing of the simulation is output. Setting ``type=iteration`` outputs the timing of all elements of the simulation at the end of each iteration. Setting its value to ``end`` outputs the timing all elements only at the end of the simulation. The timing can be disabled completely, which is necessary for the unit and functional tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The timer section controls the frequency at which the timing of the simulation is output. Setting ``type=iteration`` outputs the timing of all elements of the simulation at the end of each iteration. Setting its value to ``end`` outputs the timing of all elements only at the end of the simulation. The timing can be disabled completely, which is necessary for the unit and functional tests.
```

.. code-block:: text

   subsection timer

>    # Clock monitoring methods Choices are none, iteration or end

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   # Clock monitoring methods. Choices are none, iteration or end
```

      set type = none
   end

> The timer output in Lethe is an important mechanism to monitor the relatively cost of the different functions. At every time step, the timing functions will report the time spent in each function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The timer output in Lethe is an important mechanism to monitor the relative cost of the different functions. At every time step, the timing functions will report the time spent in each function.
```

   | Total wallclock time elapsed since start    |      11.5s |            |
   |                                             |            |            |
   | Section                         | no. calls |  wall time | % of total |
   +---------------------------------+-----------+------------+------------+
   | assemble_rhs                    |         4 |      2.28s |        20% |
   | assemble_system                 |         4 |      7.78s |        68% |
   | output                          |         2 |      1.21s |        11% |
   | setup_ILU                       |         4 |     0.164s |       1.4% |
   | solve_linear_system             |         4 |    0.0812s |      0.71% |
   +---------------------------------+-----------+------------+------------+

For every block of functions, Lethe reports the number of calls, the wall time spent and the percentage of time spent in the function. It is important to monitor this when running a simulation.

* ``assemble_rhs`` refers to the assembly of the right-hand side of the equation, that is the residual of the equation.

* ``assemble_system`` refers to the time spent assembling the matrix associated with the equation.

> * ``output`` refers to the output of the ``vtu``, ``pvtu`` and ``pvd`` files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``output`` refers to the output of the ``.vtu``, ``.pvtu`` and ``.pvd`` files.
```

* ``setup_ILU```or ``setup_AMG`` describe the time spent to set-up the preconditioner.

* ``solve_linear_system`` refers to the time spent solving the linear system of equations, without the time required to assemble the preconditioner.

> Depending on the type of simulation, there may be other category that appear in the timer. This is useful to monitor 
> the functions responsible for taking up most of the simulation time. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the type of simulation, there may be other categories that appear in the timer. This is useful to monitor the functions responsible for taking up most of the simulation time. 
```
